CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for your interest in improving Farcaster!

No contribution is too small and we welcome your help. There's always something to work on, no matter how
experienced you are. You can help improve Farcaster by:

1. Suggesting new extensions or ideas to the protocol
2. Improving the quality of documentation in this repository
3. Making improvements or fixes to our [Ethereum contracts](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/contracts)
4. Making improvements or changes to our [Hub implementation](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/hub)

If the change is straightforward open a ticket or start a discussion in the appropriate repo. If you have questions, join the [Developer Telegram](https://t.me/farcasterdevchat) where you can ask questions.

The development team meets every other Thursday at 10am PT on Zoom to discuss major topics with the community. To join, please add this [calendar invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=NjA5ZWM4Y2IwMmZiMWM2ZDYyMTkzNWM1YWNkZTRlNWExN2YxOWQ2NDU3NTA3MjQwMTk3YmJlZGFjYTQ3MjZlOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) to your calendar. The meeting contains the Zoom link and a link to the agenda for the week.

Commit message:

docs: add telegram links to announcements channel

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for your interest in improving Farcaster!

No contribution is too small and we welcome your help. There's always something to work on, no matter how
experienced you are. You can help improve Farcaster by:

1. Suggesting new extensions or ideas to the protocol
2. Improving the quality of documentation in this repository
3. Making improvements or fixes to our [Ethereum contracts](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/contracts)
4. Making improvements or changes to our [Hub implementation](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/hub)

If the change is straightforward open a ticket or start a discussion in the appropriate repo. We recommend joining the [Announcements Telegram](https://t.me/farcasterxyz) for the latest updates, and the [Developer Telegram](https://t.me/farcasterdevchat) where you can ask questions.

The dev team meets every other Thursday at 10am PT on Zoom to discuss major topics with the community. To join, please add this [calendar invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=NjA5ZWM4Y2IwMmZiMWM2ZDYyMTkzNWM1YWNkZTRlNWExN2YxOWQ2NDU3NTA3MjQwMTk3YmJlZGFjYTQ3MjZlOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) to your calendar. The meeting contains the Zoom link and a link to the agenda for the week.
