README.md, before:

# Farcaster Protocol

![Archway](/images/arch512.png)

Farcaster is a community-created protocol for building decentralized social applications.

Developers can use Farcaster to build new, decentralized social networks, letting the protocol deal with the hard problems of managing user identities and data. Users can create a new account that they control and sign up to use any of these applications. Users are always in control of their data and identity and can switch freely between applications.

## Getting Started

Farcaster is currently in early beta and user registrations are invite-only to ensure that the network remains stable. A community curated list of Farcaster applications and utilities is available in the [awesome-farcaster](https://github.com/a16z/awesome-farcaster) repository.

Invites can be requested in one of two ways:

1. By messaging [@dwr](https://twitter.com/dwr) on Twitter.
2. By running a [Farcaster Testnet Hub](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/hub-monorepo/tree/main/apps/hubble), and posting your peer id in the [dev channel](https://t.me/farcasterdevchat).

## Learn More

The fastest way to get up to speed on the protocol is by watching the [video series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMWjol6xHJ0&list=PL0eq1PLf6eUdm35v_840EGLXkVJDhxhcF).

[![Farcaster Overview](http://img.youtube.com/vi/vMWjol6xHJ0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMWjol6xHJ0&list=PL0eq1PLf6eUdm35v_840EGLXkVJDhxhcF)

If you want to dig deeper, we also recommend that you:

1. Read the [overview](/docs/OVERVIEW.md) for a high-level picture of the problems, goals and design.
2. Review [proposals](/docs/PROPOSALS.md), for historical context behind some of our design decisions.
3. Take a look at [Hubble](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/hub-monorepo), an implementation of a Farcaster Hub.
4. Review the [smart contracts](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/contracts) on the Ethereum blockchain.
5. Dive into the [specifications](/docs/SPECIFICATION.md) to understand the low-level details.

## Contributing

To make contributions to the protocol, please see the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

docs: update outdated content in readme and governance (#111)

README.md, after:

# Farcaster Protocol

![Archway](/images/arch512.png)

Farcaster is a protocol for decentralized social applications.

## Getting Started

1. Start using Farcaster with one of many [Farcaster Apps](https://www.farcaster.xyz/apps).
2. Learn how Farcaster works by watching the [protocol overview series](https://www.farcaster.xyz/protocol).
3. Create your own apps by following tutorials in the [developer portal](https://www.farcaster.xyz/devs).

## Specifications

This repository lays out the technical specification for implementing Farcaster. It is divided into four sections:

1. [Overview](/hub/README.md) - A high level overview of the protocol.
2. [Proposals](/hub/README.md) - A list of proposals to improve the protocol.
3. [Hub Specification](/hub/README.md) - The technical specification for implementing a Farcaster Hub.
4. [Governance](/hub/README.md) - An overview of how the protocol is governed.

## Contributing

To make contributions to the protocol, please see the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
