docs/GOVERNANCE.md, before:

# Governance

Farcaster is designed to be a long-lived, upgradeable protocol.

Our approach to governance is to begin with simple, lightweight processes to optimize for speed and community participation. As the protocol matures and moved to mainnet status, we will add more structure to ensure that the protocol remains credibly decentralized.

## Proposing Changes

New changes can be proposed by opening up a new discussion topic in the [protocol](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/protocol/discussions), hub or contract repositories. The community can comment and make suggestions and the core team will make the final decision on accepting changes. Major changes will also be discussed on the [bi-weekly developer calls](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=NjA5ZWM4Y2IwMmZiMWM2ZDYyMTkzNWM1YWNkZTRlNWExN2YxOWQ2NDU3NTA3MjQwMTk3YmJlZGFjYTQ3MjZlOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t). The core team controls access to the Github repositories and accepts changes. Once approved, an issue is created and the specification changes are merged into this repository.

The Farcaster core team will work closely with Hub operators and application developers to ensure that changes land smoothly with minimal disruption to the network. Hub operators also have a veto over changes to the Hub, which they can exercise by not upgrading their version of the Hub. It is desirable for developers and operators to have this power to ensure decentralization of the network, but ideally they would never need to exercise it.

## Username Policy for Fnames

Usernames are free to register during beta and are governed by a simple policy that prevents squatting and impersonation. The policy is manually enforced for now since it is not easy to automate and has two tenets:

1. If you register an fname connected to a well-known public person or entity, your name may be deregistered. (e.g. `@google`)
2. If don't actively use an fname for 60+ days, your name may be de-registered at our discretion.

While on testnet, the core team will arbitrate conflicts and we expect to formalize a governance system as we approach mainnet. Human intervention is often needed to resolve reasonable conflicts. For instance, you register `@elon` and Elon Musk signs up after you and wants the name. In such a case, we would ask three questions that guide the decision:

- Is the user active on Farcaster? (e.g. they've made several high quality posts in the last 60 days)
- Does the user have a reasonable claim to the name? (e.g. their name also Elon?)
- Does the user hold similar, active handles on other networks? (e.g. they own elon on twitter and elon.ens)

Commit message:

docs: update outdated content in readme and governance (#111)

docs/GOVERNANCE.md, after:

# Governance

Farcaster is designed to be a long-lived, upgradeable protocol.

Our approach to governance is to begin with simple, lightweight processes to optimize for speed and community participation. As the protocol matures and moved to mainnet status, we will add more structure to ensure that the protocol remains credibly decentralized.

## Proposing Changes

New changes can be proposed by opening up a new discussion topic in the [protocol](https://github.com/farcasterxyz/protocol/discussions), hub or contract repositories. The community can comment and make suggestions and the core team will make the final decision on accepting changes. Major changes will also be discussed on the [bi-weekly developer calls](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=NjA5ZWM4Y2IwMmZiMWM2ZDYyMTkzNWM1YWNkZTRlNWExN2YxOWQ2NDU3NTA3MjQwMTk3YmJlZGFjYTQ3MjZlOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t). The core team controls access to the Github repositories and accepts changes. Once approved, an issue is created and the specification changes are merged into this repository.

The Farcaster core team will work closely with Hub operators and application developers to ensure that changes land smoothly with minimal disruption to the network. Hub operators also have a veto over changes to the Hub, which they can exercise by not upgrading their version of the Hub. It is desirable for developers and operators to have this power to ensure decentralization of the network, but ideally they would never need to exercise it.

## Fname Usage Policy

Fnames are off-chain ENS names issued by the Farcaster protocol to users. They are free to register and governed by a simple policy that prevents squatting and impersonation. The policy is manually enforced for now since it is not easy to automate and has two tenets:

1. If you register an fname connected to a well-known public person or entity, your name may be deregistered. (e.g. `@google`)
2. If don't actively use an fname for 60+ days, your name may be de-registered at our discretion.

Human intervention is often needed to resolve reasonable conflicts. For instance, you register `@elon` and Elon Musk signs up after you and wants the name. In such a case, we would ask three questions that guide the decision:

- Is the user active on Farcaster? (e.g. they've made several high quality posts in the last 60 days)
- Does the user have a reasonable claim to the name? (e.g. their name also Elon?)
- Does the user hold similar, active handles on other networks? (e.g. they own elon on twitter and elon.ens)

Users who wish to use a fully decentralized namespace can use on-chain ENS names, which are fully supported by the protocol.
